Here are the python scripts.  To run them, type python scriptname at the command line.  

You need the feedparser library for the Sky Alerts.  Untar feedparser-5.1.2.tar.gz, go inside the folder, and type
python setup.py install to install the library.  


search_annotations.py	- 	this script searches the annotations on a keyword, prints the results, and outputs a file
				as results_search_annotations.csv.  It is currently set to search on keyword "wrong".  
				"binary" for binary stars works. I have not been able to get past the 100 item return limit.  


add_single_object.py	-	these scripts add (and delete) a single object into the database. They can be used for testing.
delete_single_object.py		If they work then the skyalert scripts should work.  Deletion works by searching the database
				for annotations with specific keywords, grabbing the annotation and object ids and deleting both  


skyalert_moa.py		-	adds the 20 most recent Microlensing Events from the SkyAlert feed into the database.
				It adds two annotations for every event, one with a text note describing the event, and 
				a second which contains a link to the events page with more detail.  I would use this script.  
				All the feeds take 10ish seconds or so to load.  

skyalert_ctrs.py	-	for ease, here are two additional scripts that will insert events from a SWIFT gamma-ray burst
skyalert_swift.py		feed, or from transient events from the Catalina Realtime Transient Survey.  Alternatively,
				you may use skyalert_moa.py and just comment out the feed line at the beginning and uncomment
				the new one you want to use.  The Swift one takes about 30 seconds to load the feed,maybe more.   

delete_skyalerts.py	-	this script deletes all the SkyAlert annotations and objects in the database, by first
				searching for annotations with the keyword "SkyAlert", then grabbing the annotation and object
				ids, and deleting them.  If you run one skyalert script, then run the delete script, it will 
				remove everything.  If you run two scripts in a row, say skyalert_moa.py then skyalert_swift.py,
				then you may have to run the delete script twice to delete both sets.  I'm still working on 
				that.  
